Aries Rising
Ruled by Mars, the god of war, a rising Aries has a powerful presence that may intimidate onlookers at first. You're always charging ahead at full speed, on the way to the next great thing. It's nearly impossible for you to blend into a crowd, even if you want to. Your presence carries a certain spark that turns heads everywhere you go.

Taurus Rising
Taurus is a sign of stability and steadfastness. Everyone likes to have a Taurus rising in the room because you help stabilize the environment, tamping down drama and keeping things chill. People view you as extremely dependable, which can help with everything from landing a job to impressing your partner's parents. 

Gemini Rising
With Gemini ascendant in your chart, you're sure to find yourself at the center of attention at social gatherings. Your first impression is one of optimism and excitement, which naturally draws others into your presence. You're both curious and creative, which makes you extremely interesting to talk to and gives you the ability to easily command a room.

Cancer Rising
If your ascendant is Cancer you will likely come across as a reserved but caring person who puts others' needs above your own. People may find it difficult to get to know you at first because you prefer to deflect attention away from yourself. But with time they'll pick up on the soft, sentimental side you can't help but project.

Leo Rising
In the ascendant, Leo spells D-R-A-M-A. You're bold, brilliant, and brave. The spotlight finds you easily, and you simply melt into the attentions of others. Like the sun, you give off a radiant light that draws others into your circle. People will notice your stellar style the instant you enter a room, and you thrive under their recognition.

Virgo Rising
As a Virgo rising, you give off an undeniable sense of competence and preparedness. You're always perfectly put together with neat clothing, polished shoes, and all the little details in place. People will naturally look to you for guidance, as you give off the impression that you know exactly what you're doing, whether this is accurate or not. 

Libra Rising
Libra rising makes for a great diplomat. You have a calm demeanor that creates a sense of peace anywhere you go. You excel at soothing disagreements and bringing things back into balance. You're always as fair as possible, so others typically find you very trustworthy and inspiring. Don't be surprised if you're put forward for leadership roles without volunteering. You just have that look about you.

Scorpio Rising
With Scorpio in your ascendant, you'll naturally give off an air of mystery and intrigue. Though others may not be able to put a finger on it, they'll notice that there's something alluring in the way you carry yourself. You tend to hold back when first meeting new people because you're deeply empathetic and intuitive, which can make large groups uncomfortable for you. You make a better impression in more intimate settings.

Sagittarius Rising
Your ascendant Sagittarius sign gives you a fierce, fiery demeanor that's sure to make an impression on those around you. You're dynamic and excitable, always intrigued by the idea of adventure. You have a natural optimism about you that will draw others to your circle. You tend to throw yourself into new situations and conversations with bold abandon, full of curiosity to see how it will pay off.

Capricorn Rising
Capricorn is an earth sign that keeps you grounded. You give off an air of total competence and unending dedication. You'll excel in job interviews, where these qualities are highly prized. In social settings, others may see you as a stolid workaholic with a somewhat demanding attitude. You seem mature for your age and come across as extremely organized and driven.

Aquarius Rising
Aquarius rising gives you a bold, individualistic streak that's sure to make you stand out from the crowd. This is good because you don't want to go along with the masses anyway. You react instinctively to social injustices and are often at the head of the march, megaphone in hand. Despite your rebellious spirit, you're very approachable and often find it easy to convert others to your cause.

Pisces Rising
When people first meet you, they likely feel that you're a bit dreamy or even disconnected. Absorbed by the emotional energies in your environment, you can seem like you're a million miles away even though you're really just trying to navigate an intensely empathetic experience with a sense of calm. When you do speak up, you pack a powerful punch with your insightful ideas.